[Doc] Revise squeezing AVR (#23665)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/squeezing_avr.md

AVR is severely resource-constrained, and as QMK continues to grow, it is approaching a point where support for AVR may need to be moved to legacy status as newer development is unable to fit into those constraints.

> However, if you need to reduce the compiled size of your firmware to fit AVR's limited flash size, there are a number of options to do so.

Reviewer: I'd opt for leaving out this change.  There are a few smaller ARM controllers that a lot of this would still apply to, and that's not even considering SN32 stuff. Namely STM32's F0 line.

Author: Improved this phrase because someone _still_ asked explicitly about impacting flash capacity in Discord after reading this page. The sentence has been updated to with controller agnostic reference.

# Final Thoughts

> If you've done all of this, and your firmware is still too large, then it is time to consider making the switch to ARM. There are a number of Pro Micro replacements with ARM controllers:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you've done all of this and your firmware is still too large, then it is time to consider making the switch to ARM. There are a number of Pro Micro equivalents with an ARM controller:
```
